Added Issue templates and Contributing.md (#333)
Open-CMSIS-Pack/cbuild: CONTRIBUTING.md

- **enhancement** – This issue represents a request for a new feature or improvement.
- **question** – We need further information or clarification on this issue; please review and respond.
- **wontfix** – While we appreciate this suggestion, we have decided not to make changes at this time.

### Open a Pull Request

We encourage contributions of all sizes, but please keep each contribution focused and independent. We prefer smaller,
more manageable pull requests, which makes it easier for us to review, provide feedback, and merge changes quickly.

#### Contribution Process

To make a successful contribution, please follow these steps:

1. **Fork the Repository**: Start by forking the repository to your GitHub account.

2. **Make Your Changes**:
   - Implement your changes, ensuring that you match the existing coding style and documentation conventions.
   - Write unit tests for your code to ensure it is functional and reliable.

3. **Write a Clear Commit Message**: Write a concise and informative commit message summarizing your changes.

4. **Push to Your Fork**: Push your changes to your forked repository.

> 5. **Submit a Pull Request (PR)**: Open a pull request against the main repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Submit a Pull Request (PR)**: Open a pull request against the main repository's main branch.
```
